Hi. I'm Karim, and I'm happy to welcome you to
the Udacity Robotics Software Engineer Nanodegree program.
Udacity is thrilled to guide your journey through the cutting edge world of robotics.
Let's start by meeting the instructors.
Like I said, my name is Karim and I'll be guiding you through this nanodegree program.
I am a mechatronics and robotics engineer.
My specialties include kinematics, controls, and electronics.
I'm really excited to teach you state-of-the-art robotics concepts and algorithms.
Joining me is Julia,
a mechatronics engineer instructor
whose interests and experience range from user-centered design to combat robotics.
Hello. I'm delighted to be here.
I'm very excited to lead you through
some challenging robotics concepts and have you building your own projects.
Next, I'd like to introduce Erika.
Erika is roboticist and educator.
She has successfully competed in two of NASA's Centennial Challenges,
the Sample Return Robot Challenge and Space Robotics Challenge.
You're going to be learning about
so many exciting advanced concepts that you'll be applying to real robotics projects,
and I can't wait to get started.
All right. You have an awesome journey ahead of
you and we hope you're excited to get started.